ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 10
Everyone stop.
Comrade Kang.
Don't move.
If anyone moves…
What is this?
You want us all to die together?
Damn it.
What the hell.
A situation occurred. Sector 2 reporting.
An explosion at Area 2-5.
Sector 3 reporting.
An explosion at Area 2-3 too.
Damn it!
How are the hostages?
Snipers, report.
Suppression team, stand by.
-Suppression team, stand by!
-Are you insane?
All units stand by
until we find out what's going on!
Drop the gun.
Everyone, hands over your heads.
Hands over your heads!
What, the whole dorm would explode?
I was a fool to believe you.
Everyone get up.
Get up!
Now.
Go to the lobby.
Go to the lobby!